[Music]
good
and we started to record the video
one
just start the fight you have to go until
the background of the stage and
down
why
it appears
do not
it can not be
6 the character
mom
and that's not going to change anything because it's not
but you have to lose no rum to
can fight against
they do the same and ready
manson
good
and appears
but
good
two
you have to go to the temple and you have to see the
right of the altar is the whole battle and
give the front with two features nothing more
and it seems logical that an attack
Look what you can see as a lecture 2
but it's not the only thing
but no
Oh
we're
good
no no no no
ah
I do not
and now that it's coming
because we know
let's fight against the mind and the
event one ends you have to be one of
the exponents and do the stage
a person the doubt of carn illa
be used
something is offered
with the sun and others
We expected simulation
everyone
but let's take advantage
the fear is not
sigh
go Go
the children
all right
down ahead
stern
and when we finish at the factory he
yes
already has able to download by downloading
in the pit but at the bottom of the pitch
we are doing it
Y
it's easy like that
[Music]
courage
as we do not
we could not record we only have
We want to record as uploaded
also but for now we could not
record so good this is all
Thank you